how y'all doing I got a question what do
you do when you figure it out you as a
cool and planted way too much of
something this is 500 feet of okra
that's a lot but wait there's two of
them like this so that's a thousand feet
of okra way too much for this old man to
handle having to pick this every day the
first thing I did I stopped picking all
but about 125 feet of it and you can
tell because the ones I'm picking out of
or full of flowers the ones I'll quit
picking out of and let the the pods
mature that there's hardly any flowers
on them when somebody tells you the more
you pick the more they make believe them
it's true what are we going to do with
all these extra plants it's time to go
get the tractor
that looks much better
I went from a Cuyo to scholar in less
than 30 minutes instead of half a day
fooling with okra now I'll be able to do
it in about an hour while we out here I
guess I could tell you about the purple
hull peas you're looking at those I
actually volunteer peas this spring I
planted two rows about where they are
now I picked all the peas I wanted I let
them dry on the bush had plenty pods
plenty seed came with my tract in
finishing Moore and I just mowed them
down and it slung seeds everywhere soon
as I finished mowing came in with the
tiller till the Munda apparently the
ground had plenty enough moisture
because I had a row about 30 foot wide
solid Peas after they came up about 6 8
inches tall I came in between them with
my tiller and made these two roads I'd
say the next maybe 3 to 4 weeks they'll
be blooming and putting on pods I think
I learned my lesson about planting too
much probably not
hope you enjoyed hope it was helpful and
wash pop